Welcome and welcome again
I'm going to explain
Cucumber pruning
and cucumber is usually always left
to a guide
and it is very important
that tutors
You have to have a PhD in
terms
memory
good
let's normally catch the gazelle
a secondary a secondary branch like
in this case
OK
these secondary branches
what it does blurs
usually
from the second or third sheet
depending also on the variety that
let's have
so we can leave them then 34
the 34 in secondary ladies always
blunting from the second
third sheet
to those who do not know what is the
blunt
it's a similar thing done
since we have a
one of the simple ones that usually has
here we have a secondary branch
first to sheet
second sheet and my case I 'll leave
leave until the third leaf the blunt
means cutting the tip
agree in this case it will have
here comes here has 2
the future two future flowers
here two
and here others
and from here, here we cut
we put a pair of scissors because they are clean
Of course
and we cut
we leave 45 centimeters from the
flower
and we force
and this outbreak
we are not going to enter
it is very important tutorials
the cucumber guide
in this case he's carrying around here
little by little
this the truth is that it grows quite
fast grows from 10 to 15 centimeters per
day
and with patience
the results are being achieved
already begins to sound bonus
in some syllables, we can
find up to three flowers
how
we are entering
and nothing else is normally seen at three or
four
branch
always cut from the second
third
in agreement
and nothing more
I think it 's easy to understand
Here we can see the flower in May
one more flower
one more flower or
it looks like it has
in
now
but the birth is fine
and the flower females get encounter by
here one that comes out is to notice that already
comes already with a kind of dwarf pepito
May 1
here is one that is coming out but well
the detail is all open
there is a small finite
and nothing more
I
how are they looking to hold on to any
thing that finds that way they are
our
always wind brings
the pilgrim pumpkin
like mouth up
it's amazing what grows the day is
It's growing me between 15 to 20
centimeters
it has a lot
notice that an open
this is the pilgrim pumpkin flower
see how pretty
and nothing the friends
in another video explaining the pruning of the
eggplant
but they did not forget what he does in two
different
Well nothing more than a warm greeting
and
good cause and to all and to all
goodbye